Markup, style, or content improvements:
I added a title to my picture in the index page so that it explains the context of the picture when user hovers over it. In the About Me page, I added more space in between the paragraph lines so that it doesn't look too tight. Then, I bolded the "gaming" keyword at the Interests section and binded link to it. If a user clicks on the bolded "gaming", he/she will be directed to my gaming personal webpage. In the resume page, I bolded the Download CV button so that users can be aware to download my CV document. I also added my expected graduation year in the education section. For the skills section, I added R and MATLAB to my programming languages. Moreover, I separated out my classes taken based on the fields that they're related to (CS and Math) so that the viewers can understand my knowledge better. For the Contact Me page, I adjusted the sizes of the input boxes so that they align better. Besides, I also binded a javascript function to the submit button. When the submit button is clicked, the input fields will be checked and alert the viewers if any input fields are empty and should be filled out.

3rd Party Javascript:
The 3rd party script that I added to my website is Google Analytics. To do this, I registered an account on its website and included the required code snippet in my source code for index.html. Now I can track the number of viewers and their activities via Google Analytics. The reason that I added Google Analytics to my website is to get a sense of how many users I have been getting. Knowing the number of viewers to my website and their activities on my websites help me understand how fast my portfolio is spreading. These data help me modify my website based on user interactions, thus creating a more viewer-pleasing website for my potential recruiters.